#### Quest Description

After having cleared Xedilian of Grummites, you will be approached by the dungeon master, Kiliban Nyrandil, who will thank you for repairing the Resonator of Judgment. Unfortunately, the Resonator has already drawn the attention of three adventurers, Lewin the Rogue, Syndelius the Mage and Grommok gro-Barak, and Kiliban tasks you with deciding their fate.

Follow Kiliban around to each observation room. At each one, you will have the option of either Mania (resulting in insanity) or Dementia (resulting in death), which you express by pressing the smiling push-block on the right or the frowning one on the left, respectively.

**Chamber of Conversion:** From your elevated position in the initial observation room, you can see a small, immobile and seemingly harmless Gnarl standing in the first chamber. A few moments later, the three greedy adventurers will arrive in the room, seemingly surprised with the fact that their first obstacle is nothing more than the tiny creature. While the adventurers taunt it, Kiliban explains what you must do. If you choose "Giant Gnarl", the prospect of certain death will drive Lewin the Rogue insane. Choosing "Gnarl Swarm", on the other hand, will release numerous small Gnarls, which will kill Lewin before being driven back. Regardless of your choice, the remaining two adventurers will proceed to the next chamber.

**Chamber of Avarice:**
In the second observation room, you watch as Syndelius and Grommok enter the chamber and are presented with a pile of treasure, locked behind a gate. As the two remaining "visitors" attempt in vain to open the cage, Kiliban once again describes the devious choices available to you. You can then choose to activate a "Fire Trap" or to "Drop Keys." If you choose to the latter, Syndelius is driven insane by the multitude of keys released, none of which open the gate. Alternately, the "Fire Trap" option will cause two large fire blasts to kill Syndelius when Grommok touches the gate. In either case, Grommok will continue into the final chamber alone.

**Chamber of Anathema:** In the third and final observation room, you watch the last standing adventurer, a severely shaken Grommok gro-Barak, enter a blood-soaked room filled with all manner of cadavers. While Grommok desperately tries to calm himself, Kiliban will tell you what is in store for him. Your options are either to "Raise the Dead" or to create a "Ghost Illusion." The second choice will enact an out-of-body-experience upon Grommok, who, tormented by visions of his own demise, will be driven crazy. The "Raise the Dead" option animates the surrounding corpses who proceed to kill the hapless Orc.

**Spoils of Madness:**
Once the adventurers are either dead, or proper residents of the Isles, Kiliban will greet you once again, but this time with gifts. Kiliban will then hand you Grommok's journal and enchanted sword (a unique artifact that is actually two swords in one, the fire enchanted Dawnfang during the day, and the frost enchanted Duskfang at night). The "recovery chest" Kiliban mentioned is located in this same room and contains the Talisman of Abetment as well as some random loot the adventurers had on them. A more twisted, less material reward is available to players who chose to drive their victims insane rather than into the grave: Any surviving adventurers can be found in a large holding cell shortly after exiting the final observation room. Once you finish collecting the goodies (or admiring your handiwork), you can head for the exit.
